I can this is Nick once you record your
a video for you about the new boost
gauge that I have installed and his high
goes my problem is I don't have enough
pressure in in my turbo and apparently
my boost gauge goes on me maximum to 0.5
dollars
I'm just so tonight as I was tasting it
so before I want to tell you anything to
show you how I did so here's my pipes
connected this thing was cold
yeah and here's the original pipe that
goes from the smart as you can see it's
all connected HP's GPS and I have
secured everything so there's no leaks
here's the same thing as well but this
this cable is connected to this vacuum
hose connected to the boost gauge that's
its this is just the wires connected
heads as I saw your email just now so
yep okay here we go and here's the boost
gauge the problem is I have something
about I've seen two two or three maybe
five I don't know first gear it was give
me he was giving me just down to all the
time below zero and it's if if it's
turbo leaks where is the vacuum leaks
over let's call over pressure leaks and
yeah I don't know if you can help me yes
let me know and maybe you can explain
what was the problem but I want to say
that I have so few smarts that the her
biscuits was working perfectly and they
had no problems whatsoever I don't know
why I have a problem with it okay Ken
thank you for watching this video hope
you will try to help me
or maybe suggest something to me maybe I
have to buy a I have to buy the manual
boost controller I don't know so yeah
thank you very much gain and